Over Project East Java event management system.
So for the event management, like registration and an event then payment, we are going to build one
Java application.
For even the management.
So here we are going to use GBC, which is basically Java database connection, Java servlet server
deployment.
To create a Web application out of this platform, what event management system?
So let us see how we can proceed with our project.
So.
What is the event management system?
So we want to deploy Baobab using Java for event registration.
So for this scenario, I'm considering university level events, the events which are in university.
To deploy the Web app for event management with the help of Java Servlet, so states of our development
site.
First, these projects are done, which is we are going to basically set up our project in it.
Then.
Understanding different tools, which we are going to use a little bit understanding, then basics of
databases.
We can handle the database according to that.
First step is making connections with Java servlet and connection.
And after the deployment and debugging of our project.
So we are going to build event management system.
And we are going to develop their best using Java for event registration at new level elements with
the help of Java, so.
So this is our basic aim or main aim for Java.
So it.
So what is the application requiring, so are we going to waive application requirements?
A program to display Web content like we want to display some Web content to the Java program.
So you should have the basic knowledge about Java, who do Java languages like methods, classes, three
different methods so we can use ultimate order and everything and some basic concepts of estriol.
So a school is basic language used in database for create involves inserting data.
So we are going to use a school in Java program to perform all database actions.
You should know a little bit about a streamlined services for the front end because we are going to
develop a web app with the help of this only let the front end, but we are going to develop flew back
in with the Java, like adding the data to the database and feeding that data from the database.
Then the take log in, and we not even get so I'm considering here two scenarios what we can say to
use case for this application.
One is administrator.
So for the administrator, the actions are like an event or to handle that event, then change their
leaders everything.
But for the guest, they should see the log in and sign up with that.
They should find that particular event and then register for that event using payment.
I'm not going to bring our full amendment or late payment gateways or something.
I'm just urging the small demonstration for that.
For admin, you should do administrative actions like adamant full admin control over there, and they
should see all the relevant details registered register all things for the gifts they should will find
the instruction and payment.
So this is the basic application requirements before that you shouldn't requires that we all do is required.
So we basically need Java Development Kit here.
I'm going to use Java Development one point eight JDK one wondered why I'm using Java 1.8 because of
the server, which we are going to use or deploy is localhost and basically to demonstrate everything.
But it is glass server I'm going to use.
So let's use server supports one pointed universal one point eight basically, for that only then I'd
NetBeans.
I'm going to use your Apache named Vince.
Additionally, with JDK, you should you require hemingses, Java Library or you can find on the Internet
Java Library.
It is popular library for a skill and a skill statement in Java, then Java e interpreter version it.
We are going to deploy here.
Oracle Database Automation Database.
I'm going to use Oracle Database.
Then blast this server or complex, remember in Bomb-grade server, you can change the world.
Of that issue is pretty bizarre.
But in the last feature where you cannot change the board.
So do you remember it shouldn't be a board for Blacks officer, but he's always getting in for those
scenarios.
I'm going to resolve all the issues with Glass, with Silver Lake.
There are some board misconfiguration also that, so you have to consider that.
But before that, Tom could supports only job evil agency when you know, so it is very old school or
enterprise edition, and it does not support gerekiyor so far.
The minimal condition you should use plastic silver Oracle database Java even to generate native inside
and Judy, given these are the requirements, so we will further proceed with how we can set up our.
Project opportunity means.
So now we are in opportunity, once you install a budget, it will point eight and is currently a long
term stability warrant here, so you can see everything you are.
So first of all, this is this should be blank.
There will not be any project here to go to file create new project.
You can see new project option.
You create new project.
So it will ask for different scenarios like you are.
Also, I will increase this option.
You can see here or different options in Brazil and so on, I mean, the basic libraries inside Java,
you can perform with Java and so you can see into about too many applications.
But for the simple scenario, we are going to use and read and click Java Web.
You can see web application, web application.
We take existing resources and extremely liquid applications.
Click Next.
Then you name to your application, I'm going to put you in.
Or registration?
Then you can use dedicated folder string libraries and everything.
No need to do that because it will athletically create some dedicated folder.
Well, as you said, the project, location and folder, you can change it, but I'm going to say before.
Then click next.
Then it will take time to create a project so you can see your options within an enterprise application.
So you should be done.
You should choose Abu Glasby server or Apache Tomcat, but I recommend Glasby server only.
If you don't have a blast server, go to this option and then you can find your server.
Like everything I'm going to blast reached by wrestled with this Glasby server Typekit and download
it from here.
I already installed and downloaded Lashley's server, then click Java eight where it is.
After that, it is the latest Java EE Jakarta EE Virgin started.
So Java EE, I'm going to use here and this is the context because it should be same like as your project
and next.
So don't leak anything yet and we don't need any frameworks.
Java server for our students or everything.
Click on Finish.
So it will take time to create the default logic here.
We are going to use some default templates here, basically like in Java Servlet, so it will take time
to perform some actions and everything.
Once it is done, you can see in this section.
Or when in a statement, if I lose, I in this story.
I'm going to cut this part because this is only coming.
So as you can see, this is investment and in this scene you get this scenario you can see.
Everything.
Event registration, you can see this is our project, which is a project introduced, you can once
you click this plus icon.
You can see all the webpages, source packages, libraries, configuration files here.
So we are dealing with web pages, sources and libraries don't need to change in this file.
Don't touch this file.
So this is all about our project set up from the folder.
I'm going to tell you how we can proceed with our project.
This is set up only, so remember in webpages folder, you should add web pages, estimated frontend
pages and in the suspect edition, you should add packages.
Before that, I will add some libraries by default libraries here, so we need to install Java Library
as I will you for the school support.
So just like clicking the libraries and select folder, so I will click this folder.
Inside this, you can all see where you store that.
I will use this Java as a tool and I will share the open.
So our libraries added no thought where this project was a school based on so so if you don't want to
do it from here, you can go to this and go do project properties and you can add or change everything
here.
As I told you.
Also for this, I'm going to be some dry wit, and for that, I will tell you how we can add that library
also.
So this is all about our setup.
So let us deal with what is this works or how it's also indexed on these families don't prime where
you don't change the name of indexed or digital audio file, or we can say, loading plain off our logic.
So as you can see in the webpages, there are different things.
But if you go this, many people dot MF.
This is not what we can say.
This is the virgin for the loading.
If you change this to some another name, you have to change the properties to according to that.
So let us see how we can build this.
So I will just deploy.
With this hour and inside this, I will free Hollywood.
So a deployment is very simple.
What are you going to do?
Go to this event, raise that.
Brigid Glanville So what will just build what it will be do?
It will show the only the building part, but in the cleaning part, it will remove the particular non
usable libraries and unusable dependencies, and it will clean living.
So as you can see, our building is successful in building.
So now you can run this from there and project.
From for the project, it will take time.
So I will show you how we can go with our.
Running time to wait for some time, it will take around two to three minutes.
Once it is successfully done, you can see building success with this, Mr Julian, and in the glass.
You can see rental registration is successfully deployed.
So remember if you are or what we can say, the pulled often.
Database is also you local.
You should change that board using some commands, I will tell you further how you can change the commands
there also.
So this is a duty I'm going to use Blackfish, but otherwise you can change the last fish work in either
set up, but it takes some complicated steps or you have to change the configuration.
So I didn't tell that part.
Instead of this, you can run single command in goal to change that.
So once it is successfully be.
You can see in the courtroom, either this administration is are we going to reject this susceptibility
flood?
So this is for the setup only.
I told you about I bring the Helloworld here and this is an opportunity.
So this is about endangered instruments.
So as you can see, our index not extremely, then we'll be successful.
The beautiful thing about this is once you deploy, no need to deploy it again and again, you just
print anything like I am printing.
This is my project or even registration.
And just likely controls to save this once I say this and I click Reload.
You can see this is all going to be.
So this is what we can say currently running.
So once you have some.
So let us see how we can see this, so as you can see, this is done in over like this one site, click
control and perform this reload here.
Reload again, DeLorean.
So as you can see, this is added.
So this is how it works.
So once you deployed, no need to stop it or something like that, I'm going to stop it here because
it takes Oh, and it was that board, so it will slow down the system.
But once for the small whole operation, you can perform this.
And if you have some ambiguity or error in this, it will follow this error in blustery server and event
rage also.
So this is very important in this you get if a Chrome browser or something is not opening by default,
then there is some issue with ID auto your code.
So no need to worry about that.
Sometimes it will happen.
So you can use this link also this given an output.
You can see this output link here.
You can use this link to deploy that.
So that it about our first amending or we can say, successful deployment of our of our project in the
further I will tell you how this java.
So ladies working, what did you see then?
Everything.
There are so many talks in Dallas that I will tell you.
So we just saw that how we can set up our project and how we can deploy this.